ENH: Removed requirement for C-contiguity when changing to dtype of different size (#20722)
numpy/numpy: doc/release/upcoming_changes/20722.new_feature.rst

> Dtype with different size can be assigned to arrays with contiguous last axis
> -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: I think this is clearer:
```suggestion
Changing to dtype of a different size with `numpy.view` now requires contiguity of only the last axis
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

Previously, the entire array had to be C-contiguous, which led to a lot of
unncessary copies. This change affects both the ``dtype`` descriptor assignment
and ``ndarray.view``. The deprecated behavior of ``ndarray.view`` which would

> allow F-contiguous arrays to be viewed is no longer possible.

Reviewer: You should create a separate `expired` release note that mentions that this behavior has changed, preferably with an example showing the change.

Changing to dtype of a different size now requires contiguity of only the last axis
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Previously, the entire array had to be C-contiguous, which led to a lot of
> unncessary copies. This change affects the ``dtype`` descriptor assignment,
> ``ndarray.view`` and other view construction mechanisms. The deprecated
> behavior of ``ndarray.view`` which would allow F-contiguous arrays to be
> viewed is formally expired.

Reviewer: Note single backticks create links:
```suggestion
When changing the dtype of an array using `ndarray.view`, previously the entire
array had to be C-contiguous. This limitation would unnecessarily force the user
to make contiguous copies of non-contiguous arrays before being able to change
the dtype.
This change also affects assignment to `ndarray.dtype`, although this spelling
continues to be discouraged.
Note that this expires a deprecation regarding F-contiguous arrays, see elsewhere in the release notes.
```
Feel free to iterate on that wording.
